http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana,_Princess_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II_of_the_United_Kingdom
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_Beatrice_of_York
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Harry_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana,_Princess_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana,_Princess_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_Beatrice_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II_of_the_United_Kingdom related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_Beatrice_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana,_Princess_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Harry_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne,_Princess_Royal related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II_of_the_United_Kingdom
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Edward,_Earl_of_Wessex related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_Elizabeth_II
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Queen_Elizabeth_II related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_Beatrice_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diana,_Princess_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Princess_Beatrice_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Harry_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Edward,_Earl_of_Wessex
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne,_Princess_Royal related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elizabeth_II
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Harry_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Harry_of_Wales related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles,_Prince_of_Wales
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_William,_Duke_of_Cambridge related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Edward,_Earl_of_Wessex related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anne,_Princess_Royal
http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Andrew,_Duke_of_York related_to http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prince_Philip,_Duke_of_Edinburgh
